Wonderful Jewish writers like Peretz.
He mentioned somebody else.
I don't remember who it was.
He said, they did this heretical thing.
They were writing in the language of the people.
They were writing Yiddish.
And all of the Hebrew elite, this was, they were literally outside the pale.
It was interesting he used that expression.
Yes, well, I heard him.
That was over one of the radio programs, but
He's a love.
I love him.
Very nice.
He smokes incessantly.
I know.
He rolls his own.
Well, I have, well, I still have, I had to dig out an ashtray.
I still have his two cigarette butts out there.
But he rolls his own cigarettes, too.
I know he does.
Well, that was the reason why, one of the reasons why I did it, because it was a, you know, roll your own, as we used to call it.
And I hadn't seen that for many a year.
But he smokes too much.
He smokes too much.
And I worry about it.
I liked him, though.
And he likes his beer, too, which is good.
Yeah, but he's a love.
And I always see him when he comes to the States.
I saw him in Boston.
You have to send me the gold.
The rest book about the 30s is called The Most Thorough.
The Cultural Front, it's called.
Well, it's all, you know, around the writers, the musicians, jazz, drama.
Michael Denning.
CIO.
It's a very...
So anyhow.
Wow.
But you'll have to get hold of this book.
I did an interview with her husband, Donald Hall.
We're looking at a gentle madness with... Well, I won't buy it if you're going to... No, look at all that.
Look, look, look.
Look how many people have checked it out.
I know.
Oh, that's exciting.
Oh, I always look.
May I?
This is... Well, I used to do that at... I used to do that at Wiener.
You know, well, I would look to see when they were last checked out.
Oh, we're looking to check out.
I think this is so exciting for me.
What a great thing for Ryan to see your book.
See how popular you are?
Well, what a great ending to being here.
You are wonderful.
But this is a very special book.
It shows you how many book lovers there are.
And there are other copies of this in the library, too.
I know.
There goes her name all of a sudden.
She lives up the street from me while she's at the New Main on the top floor.
Her name begins with A. You know who I am.
Andrea.
Andrea, yes.
Andrea took out a copy, too.
She has a copy.
Actually, I gave a talk here.
She was at the talk for the Roxburgh Club.
last year, and I think she has a copy of it.
I had a long meeting with she and Kathy and Melissa Riley.
Oh, what a trio.
Three of them together.
We had a session quite like this one, as a matter of fact.
Yes, there was so much to talk about.
You can scarcely...